CC-20997: Push notification integration guide. (#1560)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202304.0/install-the-spryker-core-feature.md

$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_PROTOCOL] = 'tcp';
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_HOST] = '127.0.0.1';
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_PORT] = 6379;
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_PASSWORD] = false;
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_DATABASE] = 0;
```

{% info_block warningBox "Note" %}

All the values in the examples above should be replaced with the real ones used in the corresponding environment.

{% endinfo_block %}

* In case of a single-instance Redis setup, extend your project with the following configuration:

**config/Shared/config_default.php**

```php
<?php

use Spryker\Shared\StorageRedis\StorageRedisConstants;

// ---------- KV storage
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_PERSISTENT_CONNECTION] = true;
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_PROTOCOL] = 'tcp';
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_HOST] = '127.0.0.1';
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_PORT] = 6379;
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_PASSWORD] = false;
$config[StorageRedisConstants::STORAGE_REDIS_DATABASE] = 0;
```

{% info_block warningBox "Note" %}

> All the values in the examples above should be replaced with the real ones used in the corresponding environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the values in the preceding examples must be replaced with the real ones used in the corresponding environment.
```

**config/Share/config_default.php**

```php
<?php

use Spryker\Shared\SessionRedis\SessionRedisConstants;

$config[SessionRedisConstants::ZED_SESSION_REDIS_PROTOCOL] = 'tcp';
$config[SessionRedisConstants::ZED_SESSION_REDIS_HOST] = '127.0.0.1';
$config[SessionRedisConstants::ZED_SESSION_REDIS_PORT] = 6379;
$config[SessionRedisConstants::ZED_SESSION_REDIS_PASSWORD] = false;
$config[SessionRedisConstants::ZED_SESSION_REDIS_DATABASE] = 2;
```

If you're using the file system as session storage, extend your project with the following configuration:

**config/Shared/config_default.php**

```php
<?php

use Spryker\Shared\Session\SessionConfig;
use Spryker\Shared\Session\SessionConstants;
use Spryker\Shared\SessionFile\SessionFileConfig;
use Spryker\Shared\SessionFile\SessionFileConstants;

// ---------- Session
$config[SessionConstants::ZED_SESSION_SAVE_HANDLER] = SessionFileConfig::SESSION_HANDLER_FILE;
$config[SessionFileConstants::ZED_SESSION_TIME_TO_LIVE] = SessionConfig::SESSION_LIFETIME_1_HOUR;
$config[SessionFileConstants::ZED_SESSION_FILE_PATH] = session_save_path();
```

{% info_block warningBox "Note" %}

> All the values in the examples above should be replaced with the real ones used in the corresponding environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the values in the preceding examples must be replaced with the real ones used in the corresponding environment.
```

SecurityBlocker stores the blocked accounts information in Redis. Thus, it needs the connection information to be provided. You can do it in the environment configuration of your project:

**config/Shared/config_default.php**

```php
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_REDIS_PERSISTENT_CONNECTION] = true;
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_REDIS_PROTOCOL] = 'tcp';
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_REDIS_HOST] = '127.0.0.1';
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_REDIS_PORT] = 6379;
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_REDIS_PASSWORD] = false;
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_REDIS_DATABASE] = 7;
```

Configure the blocking settings for the entity types you want to be blocking. You can set separate settings for a customer (default) and agent. `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_TTL`, `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCK_FOR`, `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_NUMBER_OF_ATTEMPTS` are used as default, so if you use other entity types (like an agent) and do not provide this setting, the defaults will get applied.

> `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_TTL` controls the period of time during which the `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_NUMBER_OF_ATTEMPTS` will be counted. In case the number is exceeded, the account will be locked for `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCK_FOR` seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_TTL` controls the period of time during which the `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_NUMBER_OF_ATTEMPTS` will be counted. In case the number is exceeded, the account gets locked for `SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCK_FOR` seconds.
```

Define your setting in your environment configuration files:

**config/Shared/config_default.php**

```php
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_TTL] = 600;
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCK_FOR] = 300;
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_BLOCKING_NUMBER_OF_ATTEMPTS] = 10;

$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_AGENT_BLOCKING_TTL] = 600;
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_AGENT_BLOCK_FOR] = 360;
$config[SecurityBlockerConstants::SECURITY_BLOCKER_AGENT_BLOCKING_NUMBER_OF_ATTEMPTS] = 9;
```

### 3) Set up database schema and transfer objects

> Run the following commands to apply database changes, generate entity, and transfer changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply database changes, generate entity, and transfer changes:
```

```bash
console propel:install
console transfer:generate
```

{% info_block warningBox "Verificaiton" %}

Make sure that the following changes have been applied by checking your database:

| DATABASE ENTITY | TYPE | EVENT |
| --- | --- | --- |
| spy_vault_deposit | table | created |

> {% endinfo_block %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> {% info_block warningBox "Verificaiton" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| VaultDepositTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/VaultDepositTransfer |
| RedisConfigurationTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/RedisConfigurationTransfer |
| RedisCredentialsTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/RedisCredentialsTransfer |
| UserTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/UserTransfer |
| MessageTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/MessageTransfer |
| GroupCriteriaTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/GroupCriteriaTransfer |
| GroupTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/GroupTransfer |
| UserCriteriaTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/UserCriteriaTransfer |
| SecurityCheckAuthContextTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/SecurityCheckAuthContextTransfer |
| SecurityCheckAuthResponseTransfer | class | createdl | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/SecurityCheckAuthResponseTransfer |
| SecurityBlockerConfigurationSettingsTransfer | class | created | src/Generated/Shared/Transfer/SecurityBlockerConfigurationSettingsTransfer |

{% endinfo_block %}

### 4) Set up behavior

> Set up behavior as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

     *
     * @return \Symfony\Component\Console\Command\Command[]
     */
    protected function getConsoleCommands(Container $container)
    {
        $commands = [
            // ...
            new PublisherTriggerEventsConsole(),
            // ...
        ];
        // ...
    }
}
```

3.  Add `PublisherSubscriber` to `EventDependencyProvider`:

**src/Pyz/Zed/Event/EventDependencyProvidder.php**

```php
<?php

namespace Pyz\Zed\Event;

use Spryker\Zed\Event\EventDependencyProvider as SprykerEventDependencyProvider;
use Spryker\Zed\Publisher\Communication\Plugin\Event\PublisherSubscriber;

class EventDependencyProvider extends SprykerEventDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @return \Spryker\Zed\Event\Dependency\EventSubscriberCollectionInterface
     */
    public function getEventSubscriberCollection()
    {
        $eventSubscriberCollection = parent::getEventSubscriberCollection();
        $eventSubscriberCollection->add(new GlossaryStorageEventSubscriber());
        $eventSubscriberCollection->add(new UrlStorageEventSubscriber());
        // ...
        $eventSubscriberCollection->add(new PublisherSubscriber());

        return $eventSubscriberCollection;
    }
}
```

> ## Install feature front end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install feature frontend
```
